# Eurobonds & Sovereign Risk
This thesis was submitted to obtain the degree of Master of Advanced Studies in Economics.

# Step-by-step guide to replicating the results
This appendix goes over the step-by-step replication of the dissertation’s results. All
figures and tables are generated in Matlab and the .m-files to solve the model and run
the simulations are based on Uribe & Schmitt-Grohé’s code which is available online.

Before running the code, two comments should be taken into consideration. First of all,
to improve Matlab’s efficiency in solving the model, defaultable debt and non-defaultable
debt are treated jointly. This means that government debt is represented by a ”bundle”
of regular debt and Eurobonds. By doing so, we increase the computational efficiency
in the maximization routines by treating the problem as a 2-dimensional instead of a
3-dimensional problem. A second remark to take into consideration is that solving for
every calibration of the model can take up to 6 days or more, depending on your hardware specifications. 
The baseline model alone with Eurobonds can take 20 hours or more
to solve. The smaller the grid size of the model, the lower the computation time and
vice versa. All original .mat-files are available on request to immediately replicate the
results from Step 3 (cf. infra).

To generate the results, the steps below need to be performed. It is imperative that
between all .m-files the same names are used for the .mat-files in which the different
solutions are stored. Certain .m-files require multiple inputs for which all names need
to be adjusted accordingly.
* Step 1: Run tpm.m to generate the output grid and the transition matrix. The
resulting .mat-file will be used as input for Step 2.
* Step 2: Run egr nondef final.m to solve the model through Value Function
Iteration. This step needs to be repeated for every change made to the baseline
calibration.
* Step 3: All tables and figures are generated by separate .m-files. Every first file
in the following steps uses the generated .mat-file from Step 2.
  * All tables are generated by running simu regular.m and statistics.m in
this order. This step needs to be repeated for every different calibration.
  * Figure 3.1 and Figures A.1-A.4 are generated by Default decision.m and
uses 2 .mat-files as input: the first with Eurobonds and the second without
Eurobonds.
  * Figure 3.2 is generated by running simu intro.m and Introduction.m in this
order.
  * Figure 3.3 is generated by running simur regular.m and default episode.m
in this order.
  * Figure 3.4 is generated by running simu intro.m and intro comp.m in this
order. The file simu intro.m needs to be run five times for each separate
calibration.
  * Figure 3.5 is generated by running simu intro.m and intro comp debtrule.m
in this order. The file simu intro.m needs to be run four times for each
separate calibration.
  * Figure 3.6 and 3.7 are generated by running multiplicity.m which uses two
.mat-files as input: the standard baseline model and the bad equilibrium
model.
